Fix: Correct lesson "Space Complexity"'s explanation on O(1) (#27120)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/computer_science/space_complexity.md

}
```

> Here it should hopefully be clear that no matter the arguments we pass to the function call, only a single variable is created. It doesn't change. Therefore, we can consider the space this takes is always O(1).

Reviewer: I don't feel great about the word "variable" here. The return value isn't being declared as a variable. I think a wording like this would be preferable:
```suggestion
Here it should hopefully be clear that no matter the arguments we pass to the function call, only a single value is created (the product of the numbers). It doesn't change. Therefore, we can consider the space this takes is always O(1).
```
What do you think?

Author: Since I am just going through this lesson, I didn't want to change the original conveyed message of 'variable', but yeah, I do feel as weird about it as you do. But yeah, functions shouldn't return variables since they were never declared in the first place. It's a simple operation, as you've described.

About the PR on Ruby, sure! That would be a pleasure. I'll do it in a jiffy.

I like your suggestion. Also, considering I'm not very acquainted with replying with new suggestions here on GitHub, I wanted to add to the suggestion you've made by changing the _"It doesn't change"_ part for _"This value doesn't change."_, for extra clarity. If you'd show me how to go about that, that would be lovely.
